README.md, before:

# Polimi Thesis
This is the repository for the Master's thesis titled "Anomaly Detection using Generative Adversarial Networks"

# How to run the models

Every configuration file has a value for the implemented class name. You can use 
```
python run.py -c <path_to_config_file>
```

# Reading resources

These are the papers that are used for the research purposes

* [Generative Adversarial Networks](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5423-generative-adversarial-nets.pdf)
* [Adversarial Feature Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.09782)
* [Adversarially Learned Interface](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.00704)
* [Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06434)
* [Adversarially Learned Anomaly Detection](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.02288)
* [Deep Structured Energy Based Models for Anomaly Detection](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07717)
* [Energy Based Generative Adversarial Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.03126)
* [Semi Supervised Learning with Bidirectional Generative Adversarial Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.11426)
* [Unsupervised Anomaly Detection with Generative Adversarial Networks to Guide Marker Discovery](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.05921)
* [GANomaly: Semi-Supervised Anomaly Detection via Adversarial Training](https://www.groundai.com/project/ganomaly-semi-supervised-anomaly-detection-via-adversarial-training/)

Commit message:

Project structure credit is added to the README

README.md, after:

# Polimi Thesis
This is the repository for the Master's thesis titled "Anomaly Detection using Generative Adversarial Networks"

# Project Structure

The project and the hierarchy of the files are structured using [this](https://github.com/MrGemy95/Tensorflow-Project-Template) Github Project.

# How to run the models

Every configuration file has a value for the implemented class name. You can use 
```
python run.py -c <path_to_config_file>
```

# Reading resources

These are the papers that are used for the research purposes

* [Generative Adversarial Networks](https://papers.nips.cc/paper/5423-generative-adversarial-nets.pdf)
* [Adversarial Feature Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.09782)
* [Adversarially Learned Interface](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.00704)
* [Unsupervised Representation Learning with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1511.06434)
* [Adversarially Learned Anomaly Detection](https://arxiv.org/abs/1812.02288)
* [Deep Structured Energy Based Models for Anomaly Detection](https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.07717)
* [Energy Based Generative Adversarial Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.03126)
* [Semi Supervised Learning with Bidirectional Generative Adversarial Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1811.11426)
* [Unsupervised Anomaly Detection with Generative Adversarial Networks to Guide Marker Discovery](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.05921)
* [GANomaly: Semi-Supervised Anomaly Detection via Adversarial Training](https://www.groundai.com/project/ganomaly-semi-supervised-anomaly-detection-via-adversarial-training/)
